Add raw binary mode to book docs (#288)
GaloisInc/grease: doc/usage.md

Try `--help` to see additional options.

## Running on a non-ELF image

> Grease has some support for analyzing position dependent executables (e.g. firmware images)

Reviewer: ELF can be position-dependent too, right? So maybe specify further?
```suggestion
GREASE has some support for analyzing non-ELF (i.e., raw) position dependent executables (e.g. firmware images)
```

> by loading a file at a fixed offset. The '--raw-binary' flag enables this mode. By default the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by loading a file at a fixed offset. The `--raw-binary` flag enables this mode. By default the image
```

> is loaded at offset '0x0', which is likely not ideal for many binaries so an offset can be set with '--load-base BASE_ADDR'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is loaded at offset `0x0`, which is likely not ideal for many binaries so an offset can be set with `--load-base BASE_ADDR`.
```

> There are no symbols in a raw binary, so address entrypoints are the only valid entrypoints (i.e. '--address').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no symbols in a raw binary, so address entrypoints are the only valid entrypoints (i.e. `--address`).
```
